Run.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
About time I got out of that cookie.
I cannot help you for I am just a cookie.
You'll marry a professional athlete (if competitive eating can be considered a sport).
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery!
You don't have to be faster than the bear, you just have to be faster than the slowest guy running from it.
If you think I'm going to sum up your whole life in this little cookie you're crazy.
I see money in your future... it is not yours though.
Death.
This cookie is never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down.
When you squeeze an orange, orange juice comes out - because that's what's inside.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of tax payments.
These numbers mean absolutely nothing: 57 92 38 75 99.
Love is on the horizon. The stars predict he will be tall with dark hair and a unicorn.
You laugh now, wait till tomorrow.
Your pet is planning to eat you.
Pigeon poop burns the retina for 13 hours. You will learn this the hard way.
Be kind to pigeons. A statue will some day be made of you.
There is no angry way to say bubbles.
Fail.
Life is a series of choices. Today yours are good ones.
Comfort zones are most  often expanded through discomfort.
Fortune Not Found: Abort/Retry/Ignore?
Only listen to fortune cookie. Disregard all other fortune telling units.
Pull your head out of your ass... Life won't be so shitty.
Your fortune said you need to make a donation. Give it to the bot developer.
Be cautious while walking in darkness alone.
You will read this and say "Geez! I could've come up with better fortunes than that!".
Tomorrow morning take a left turn as soon as you leave home.
You are one in 7 billion.
A real patriot is the fella whoa gets a ticket and rejoices that the system works.
Pregnancy is a gift and in your case will also be a surprise.
Something wonderful is about to happy.
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
When working towards the solution of a problem it always helps to know the answer.
It could be better but it's good enough.
Family relationships will improve with time in bed.
Pick another fortune cookie.
ASK YOUR MOM.
The program 'fortune' is currently not installed. You can install it by running 'sudo apt-get install fortune-mod' in your command prompt.
Will you mary me?
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come from everywhere to watch you burn.
Don't panic.
You are the crispy noodle in the vegetarian salad of life.
You've just been chosen for the hunger games.
What's that in your eye? Oh... it's a sparkle.
Smile :)
Love yourself and do it not just because a fortune told you.
Courtesy, laughing and yawning are contagious. So are STDs.
The best revenge is a life well lived. The second best revenge is murder. With an axe.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie.
Come back later... I'm sleeping (yes, cookies need their sleep too).
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
The one that throws dirt is going to lose ground.
Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you.
Some fortune cookies contain no fortune.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
Change is inevitable, except for vending machines.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
Actions speak louder than fortune cookies.
Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom.
It is a good day to have a good day.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Some days you are a pigeon, some days you are a statue. Today bring an umbrella.
Your reality check about to bounce.
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are.
When blind are leading the blind get out of the way.
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
Experience is what you have left when everything else gone.
Your road to glory will be rocky but fulfilling.
Don’t worry about money. The best things in life are free.
Don’t pursue happiness – create it.
If at first you don’t succeed, skydiving is not for you.
Smart husband buys wife fine clothes. Then she does not trust him to wash them.
Inside every old person is a young person wondering what the hell happened.
Courage is not the absence of fear... it is the conquest of it.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
A ship in a harbor is safe, but that’s not why ships are built.
It's ok to look at past and future. Just don’t stare.
Age is a high price to pay for maturity.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
Fear is interest paid on a debt you may not owe.
The usefulness of a cup is in it's emptiness.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
Atheism no fun. No holidays.
Don’t forget you are always on our minds.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
Big journeys begin with a single step.