What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
I want to be cremated as it is my last hope for a smoking hot body.
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing.
I had a crazy dream last night! I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta sea.
A crazy wife says to her husband that moose are falling from the sky. The husband says, it’s reindeer.
Ladies, if he can’t appreciate your fruit jokes, you need to let that mango.
Geology rocks but Geography is where it’s at!
Can February March? No, but April May.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I Noah guy.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
My grandpa has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
Why was Dumbo sad? He felt irrelephant.
Yesterday, I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I’m okay, but I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside.
So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world!
Becoming a vegetarian is one big missed steak.
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
What do you use to cut a Roman Emperor’s hair? Ceasers.
The Middle Ages were called the Dark Ages because there were too many knights.
I made a pun about the wind but it blows.
My wife tried to apply at the post office but they wouldn’t letter. They said only mails work here.
My friend’s bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, “What’s your favorite kind of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off!
England doesn’t have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi.
A cross-eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils.
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
There was a kidnapping at school yesterday. Don’t worry though, he woke up.
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves.
The guy who invented the door knocker got a no-bell prize.
German sausage jokes are just the wurst.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn’t make any cents.
Somebody stole all my lamps. I couldn’t be more de-lighted!
I bought a boat because it was for sail.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
How did the picture end up in jail? It was framed!
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve!
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wasabee!
Why was the baby ant confused? Because all his uncles were ants!
I just found out that I’m color blind. The news came completely out of the green!
Why didn’t the cat go to the vet? He was feline fine!
Who is the penguin’s favorite Aunt? Aunt-Arctica!
What should a lawyer always wear to a court? A good lawsuit!
Apple is designing a new automatic car. But they’re having trouble installing Windows!
I’ve started sleeping in our fireplace. Now I sleep like a log!
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink!
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense!
You really shouldn’t be intimidated by advanced math… it’s easy as pi!
One lung said to another, “we be-lung together!”
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them.
My dad unfortunately passed away when we couldn’t remember his blood type. His last words to us were: “Be positive!”
Towels can’t tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
What did the buffalo say to his son? Bison.
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives.
What does a clock do when it’s hungry? It goes back for seconds.
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
"I have a split personality", said Tom being frank.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I Renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says “The Titanic is syncing.”
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He’s all right now.
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran.
My dad farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu - you get what you deserve.
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers yesterday but couldn't find any.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
All chemists know that alcohol is always a solution.
A police officer just knocked on my door and told me my dogs are chasing people on bikes. That’s ridiculous. My dogs don’t even own bikes.
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine.
The furniture store keeps calling me to come back. But all I wanted was one night stand.
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
When the past, present, and future go camping they always argue. It's intense tense in tents.
I've got the body of a 16 year old. I hope the cops won't find it in my basement.
What’s the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don’t know and I don’t care.
Which country’s capital has the fastest-growing population? Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin.
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
Two fish are in a tank, one says to the other "how do you drive this thing?".
I was going to make a chemistry joke, but since I'm kinda late to the thread, the good ones argon.
The other day I tried to make a chemistry joke, but got no reaction.
I walked into my sister's room and tripped on a bra... It was a booby trap.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there's Norway I could eat another bite'.
I'm on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
Why aren’t dogs good dancers? Because they have two left feet.
What did one ocean say to the other? Nothing, it just waved.
I'm not a doctor but I'm losing my patience.
I can give you the cause of anaphylactic shock in a nutshell.
I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waist of time.
Did you hear about the auto body shop that just opened? It comes highly wreck-a-mended.
What do you call a thieving crocodile?? A Crookodile.
What do you call a pig that does karate? Pork chop.
If you were a fruit, you'd be a fine-apple.
What do you call a classy fish? Sofishticated.
What kind of shorts do clouds wear? Thunderwear.